  # CNU Assignment
  
  This map that I have designed tells my perspective of the best parts about being a **Student-Athlete** at CNU. From the first time I stepped into the locker room as a freshman, to now as a junior, being on an athletic team at CNU has truly impacted my college experience in a positive way. Knowing that there will always be 40 of your best friends to celebrate the good times, as well as help each other through the difficult times is incredibly fulfilling. The reason I chose to focus on the student athlete aspect of my college experience is because I feel that it is one that everyone should get to experience. Whether that is from athletics or campus involvement, having a family this meaningful in your life is cherishable. Below is my ThingLink map, and through this, it will bring the user to 10 of my favorite memories that came from being a student athlete.
  
<iframe width="960" height="729.2193308550186" data-original-width="1614" data-original-height="1226" src="https://www.thinglink.com/card/1499043654310821891" type="text/html" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen scrolling="no"></iframe><script async src="//cdn.thinglink.me/jse/responsive.js"></script>

 
 Nothing will beat a Saturday night game, under the lights with fans filling the bleachers all cheering for CNU. It is one of the purest feelings ever, making all problems in my life disappear for that hour and a half we are playing. However I started to think, is it the sport that gives me this sense of happiness, or is it the people that surround me while playing it? 

  All while growing up, my best friends never went to the same school as I did. My best friends were on my travel soccer team, meaning I only got to see them 3-4 times a week. However those 3-4 days felt as if I was spending everyday with them, simply because of the amount of fun we had when together.  The same thing is happening right now, instead my soccer friends also happen to be my school friends. Some of my fondest memories at school are with my team. For example, everyone piling into one of the dinings halls after training, eating our food, and then telling jokes for the next hour. I can honestly say that the best parts about being a Student-Athlete, don’t always take place on the field. They take place when we are simply all together.

  For this project, I began to assemble all of my favorite memories while being a student athlete at CNU. I took pictures, videos, and included sounds to give the best possible representation of what it was like to be in my shoes. I found that the simple part of this project is compiling the media necessary to tell my story; however I struggled with finding the proper way to illustrate that media in a way that made sense for the user. I decided to make each icon either an up arrow or a down arrow, as well as having it color coordinated. A green up arrow represents a positive experience that I have had as a student athlete, and a yellow down arrow stands for a time where either the team helped me through a situation, or the team helped others through a difficult time. 

  Another predicament I found myself in was when I tried to upload my video of Captain’s Field into my ThingLink, it took away the audio. I attempted different techniques a few times to try and solve this problem, however what worked was muting the videos sound, and then redoing my audio after the video was already uploaded. Overall I thought ThingLink was quick and simple to use. There are many great features that the program offers, which allow any old, boring story to come to life. 

  It is clear to see that a majority of the icons on my map are pointing up and are the color green. I like to think that my overall experience being a student athlete at CNU has been very positive. While I have definitely gone through some valleys, I might not have gotten through them had my teammates not been with me every step along the way. I would also conclude that my overall experience using ThinkLink was positive, only having slightly minor inconveniences. The program is very straightforward with regards to manipulating icons to become a coherent collection of data points. Generally, I am not the most technologically advanced user, however the program was enjoyable to use.
