## Review 1
Project:
Witches – Mapping the Scottish Survey of Witchcraft Database

Project Director(s):
Ewan McAndrew

Project URL:
https://witches.is.ed.ac.uk

The University of Edinburgh assembled a digital humanities project called “Witches – Mapping the Scottish Survey of Witchcraft Database”, which tells the story of all the known cases in Scotland where accusations of witchcraft were made and ultimately brought to trial. This project gives an in depth look at not only where the accusations were made, but which cases ended in death, where the detention locations were, and the residences in which the accused lived before being accused. The leader of this project, Ewan McAndrew, presented this database in an incredibly effective way. This is a part of the history of Scotland, and this database helps connect a lot of the stories that are forever engraved into Scottish history. 

This is a very understandable project that is easily accessible from computers and cell phones. Wikidata, Queryservice, leaflet, and arcGIS were the applications used to complete this database, and the transition to understanding the information is seamlessly simple. Since this project is to illustrate the main information from witch accusations across Scotland, it can be assumed that there are more than a lot of accusations. Since there were an abundance of witches in Scotland, the database needed a simple way to demonstrate this knowledge, and it was done beautifully. There are 5 different versions of a map of Scotland that show information such as the residences of those accused, all detention centers, trial locations, people associated, and locations of those who died. From each map, there are a few witch icons that direct the reader to some form of information. It is as if the project has been influenced by the Russian doll called a matryoshka. If the user clicks on a witch icon, the database will bring the reader to a smaller witch that is more specific with its information. This is a simple way of getting the user to interact with the project.

This project tells the story of Scotland's witch trials, making it easy for people all over the world who may not know much about the subject to easily access the information. With this database, it allows people to understand and remember those women who were wrongly executed, all while sharing an important part of Scottish history. This relates to humanities solely because of the history being shared. Since digital humanities is all about the teaching of humanity in a digitized setting, this project demonstrates the idea perfectly. It illustrates the history of Scotland all while exhibiting how far society has come. 

While this project was simple to use and effective, there are always opportunities to adjust and even improve. What was special about this project was how the creator took a very complex subject and turned it into a simple to use database. However, the project lacks images. Instead of having a simple text box with just the information on the accusation, maybe a picture of the site could be put into place in order to add some dimension. Not all users are going to be entertained by this project if it doesn't allow them to have any visual representation. One more note on what could be adjusted is while using the phone to view this project, navigating was a little more difficult. It seems like the database was shoved together and very clustered. On the other hand, there may not be a remedy for this issue, as the screen on the phone is so much smaller than that on a full sized laptop or desktop. 

This project was taken by the survey of Scottish Witchcraft database. That was used to find the geographical residents and locations of those shown in the project. Julian Goodare, Lauren Martin, Joyce Miller, and Louise Yeoman are credited for being a part of the research used to create this project. Note that this project got the information for a survey created in 2003, meaning there could be more recent information that was not published when this project was made. 
